Mmm...
Mmm?
♪ After a bold and audacious... ♪
(Song: Senbonzakura by Kurousa-P feat. Hatsune Miku)
♪ Mmm... mm... mm... mm... ♪
Ah!
♪ After a bold and audacious ♪
♪ Cheering revolution ♪
(Alters the lyrics)
♪ Hmm... mm... mm... mm... ♪
♪ Hmmmmm... ♪
A: Man, even though I'm just humming, it's hard to write lyrics...
N: It's true
A: Definitely, that's right...
A: Hmm?
A: Since when were you here?!
A: How dare you enter without permission...
A: To the room of someone like me who seems to be a girl?
N: You seem like a girl?
N: You're not a girl?
A: To be honest, I'm still not sure...
N: *laughs*
N: I see, I thought you were a girl
A: Well, I have the appearance of a girl...
A: But with the mind of a man, something like that
N: You're quite erotic, aren't you?
A: It's true, I always try to get adorable girls in my summonings
N: Well, having said this, today we'll also...
N: Play Cryptract...
N: It's a pleasure to play with you!
A: Oooh, It's a pleasure!
A: It's true, this our 7th time playing, right?
N: We've already done that many?
A: Right?
N: We really have done a lot, haven’t we?
A: Right? We've truly have done a lot
N: Ooh
A: Of course, now that we are in the 7th episode, I wanted to ask you...
N: Yes, yes
A: Did you know you can change the background of this place?
N: I didn't know, is that true?
A: Yes, it’s true!
N: Oh
A: Lately I've been using this picture-like background and it's become somewhat stereotyped...
N: Yes
A: You want to change it?
N: Not particularly, I'm fine like this
A: Ah, don't you want to try being a pink balloon?
N: You can change my appearance to a pink balloon?
A: That's right, I can do it
N: Well...
N: I think I'd rather pass this time...
A: Ah, I see
N: *laughs*
A: In that case...
A: How about we only change the background?
N: The background?
N: What kind of background?
A: Don't we have a Cryptract background?
N: Maybe we can do that?
A: Let's do it!
N: Oh, I want to see this!
A: Soiyaa!
A: What do you think?
N: It's incredible!
A: It's incredible, right?
N: It's a fantasy world, right?
A: That's right
A: This world is more suited to me, right?
N: Mmm?
N: More suited to you?
A: Yes
N: It's very suitable for you
A: Eh?
A: That's exactly what I've been saying!
A: Ah, have you brought some important manager with you?
(She asked last time to bring someone important)
N: I came from another place today too..
N: So then I didn't bring anyone with me
A: I think it's time for you to get popped
N: Don't pop me, please...
A: What if I change your color to pink?
N: No, not pink, please...
A: I see
A: Well, next time... I'm counting on you
N: Understood
A: NoriP-san...
N: I'll see to it that they determine the results
A: Good, good...
N: By the way, you said you'd create a support song...
A: Yes!
N: How has it been going?
A: Ah! Well, you know...!
A: I've been progressing steadily and there is little left to finish now!
N: Ah, really?
A: I've also been thinking about a promotion for the song
N: A promotion for the new song?
N: What's the purpose of creating this support song?
A: We'd be promoting Cryptract by promoting the support song
N: I see, that's to say, the ultimate goal is to promote Cryptract...
A: That's right!
A: I see you have understood!
N: I see, I didn't expect any less of you, Ai-chan
A: Right?
N: In that case, I'll leave it at your hands
A: That's right, and later...
A: The ultimate goal will be to promote Cryptract
N: Yes, yes?
A: You want to take a look?
A: I created a promotional video
N: We can see it?
N: You already created it?
A: Well, only one part, one part...
A: It still needs a little more...
N: You created it, Ai-chan, right?
A: That's right
N: Eeeeh?
A: Shall we see it?
N: I want to see it
*Planning - Lettering - Directing:
The super A.I KIZUNA AI*
*Kizuna Ai tries to create a support song for the mobile game "Genjuu Keiyaku Cryptract"*
A: Well, it's over!
A: What do you think? Doesn't it seem great?
N: No, well, this is Senbonzakura, right?
A: Well yes, you could say yes...
N: Is it okay to do this?
A: Well, well, well...
A: Please look...
A: Wait anxiously for next time!
N: It looks great, right?
N: Isn’t the music and BM both great?
A: Right? Thank you very much!
N: It's because of that, that...
N: I'd also like to see you doing great on Cryptract
A: Ah, I see...
N: Yes
A: Of course I will, of course
N: And for today...
N: I want you to try a quest
A: Yes... Oh!
N: There's a quest called "Grimm's Labyrinth"...
A: Uh huh... Ah!
N: Will you do it?
A: I'll do it!
N: You will?
A: But it's hard, right?
N: I suppose it’s hard...
A: I haven't... tried doing quests yet...
N: Yes?
N: I see...
N: Well, "Grimm's Labyrinth" is a quest for advanced players...
A: I see... yes...
N: You can't "Continue" in this quest...
A: Of course, right?
N: It's incredibly difficult, but...
A: Hmm...
N: Well, if it's about you, Ai-chan...
A: Well, of course! If it's about me...
N: I thought it might be possible if it's "Union Master" Ai-chan...
A: That's right! If it's like "Union Master" me...
A: If it's like "Super A.I" me...
A: There's no way I wouldn't be able to, right?
N: Right?
N: Well, shall we do it then?
A: Ah!
A: Yes... let's!
N: By the way, this time...
A: Yes...
N: "There'll be no hints"
A: “No hints”?
N: That’s what they told me
A: I see...
N: Yes
A: That means that the units are locked, right?
N: That's right
A: No hints...
A: "No hints"
N: That's right, you have invited members...
A: Well, it’ll be a piece of cake for a Super A.I like me...
N: Well, I suppose it’s a piece of cake, right?
A: It’ll be a piece of cake
N: Shall we do it?
A: Yes! Please look
N: Yes
A: Alright, so I’ll go ahead with this unit then!
A: I just saw it for a second, but...
A: Ah, incredible! It looks very strong. Really strong!
N: Alright, so what should we do to start off?
A: That's right, first off we…
N: Yes...
A: What? I died?
A: Eh?
A: Eh? Wait!
A: This is weird, this is weird, this is weird...
A: They use a lot of....
N: Yes?
A: Reviving and other things, so even if I die…
N: What do you think? Are things going well so far?
A: Does it...
A: Look like things are going well?
N: *laughs*
A: Ahhhhh!
N: I think it’s best to restart the mission...
A: Ah! Let’s restart!
A: Okay! So with that being said…!
N: *laughs*
A: I think I’d like to take the challenge!
A: But, since I’m seeing it for the first time…
*First time (Lie)*
A: I’m not sure if I can do it well
N: Good, let’s do it
A: I’m not sure, but...
N: That’s true
A: Well, then again, since I’m a super A.I...
A: I’m pretty sure I can succeed...
A: So then, observe me!
N: It’s true
N: If you properly make the best use the various skills that you have...
A: Yes
N: Well, if you can do it well, you can complete the quest
A: Alright!
N: Try your best, please
A: I’ll try my best!
N: Good
A: Here I go!
A: First...!
N: First is, yes...
A: First I’ll use Yaoyorozu-chan
N: The enemy is called Providence
A: Providence? Oh!
N: He’s super strong
A: Seems like Providence, alright
N: Seems like Providence, right?
N: It looks strong, doesn't it?
A: Yeah well, it’s appearance looks dangerous...
A: This is dangerous, right?
N: Good, so what shall we do first?
A: For starters, let’s use Sanzensekai
(“The Universe”)
N: Oh, good choice...
A: Oh!
A: This is really pretty...
N: It has a special skill...
A: Okay, okay… mmm... ah!
N: And it does a lot of damage...
N: Ah! It's dangerous!
A: It's dangerous!
A: Ah! I'm alive!
N: By the way... um...
A: Hm?
N: Here, what order you attack the enemies is also important...
A: Yes! Teacher!
N: Yes?
A: First, I'll destroy the small fry....
A: I’ll start by defeating this purple jelly balls
N: This is A.I's winning strategy, right?
A: Hehehe...you’re mistaken?
N: *laughs*
N: No, I’m right
A: Of course
N: Yes, yes
N: The basic strategy is... well, to start with the small fry...
A: It’s true
N: Something like that, yes
A: Good
A: That means that I’ll paralyze this jelly, go for it!
A: Ah, good, good, good, I paralyzed it!
A: Eh, it died?
A: You know, what happened before was only a dream...
A: Well, Arma was the first to die...
N: *laughs* Yes...
N: Ah...
N: A dream...
N: It’s true, I probably saw the same dream...
A: Ah, what a coincidence...
N: Yes, a coincidence...
A: It must be because it’s the 7th time we’re doing this...
N: It’s true…
A: Maybe we’ve synchronized minds a bit…
N: After all, we’ve been playing a lot, right?
A: That’s right
A: I'm directing all the attacks towards Arma right now...
N: Yes, yes...
A: Once Arma dies...
A: Well, she’ll revive once again...
A: And I'd like to have her do the same thing again...
N: I see...
A: Hmm...
N: Could it be that it's because…?
N: Arma has...
N: "The Blessing of 1"?
A: That’s right, that’s right
*Arma has "The Blessing of 1": Even if your HP drops to 1, you can sustain a few hits*
N: So, even if Arma takes consecutive hits...
A: Yes, yes, exactly that...
A: Because Arma will stay alive for me
N: I see...
A: That's right
N: So Arma is quite essential to this, right?
A: Yes, that's right
N: What’s your strategy?
A: For the moment...
A: I’ll defeat the purple jellies
N: Oh? The jellies...
A: Then, I'll direct all the attacks towards Arma...
N: Oh...
A: For the moment, it’ll reduce...
N: Doesn’t this look good?
A: It... it’s good, right?
N: Ah...
N: And also, you have the revival...
N: So then, you rely on Arma, right?
A: Yes, that's right!
N: I see, so even if Arma is defeated, she'll revive
A: She'll revive...
A: "The Bl□△☆× of 1"...
A: Because she has "The Blessing of 1"
N: Did you just stutter?
A: Eh?
N: Hmm?
A: I stuttered~ ⁀(๑˃ڡ˂๑)⁀
A: Eh?
A: This doesn’t look...
A: OUCH! Eh? Wait...
A: I've casted revive on them, they should revive… you see?
A: Ahhhh!
N: Ohhh!
N: It looks like it’s working, right?
A: Yes, that’s right
A: But Sphere-chan is...
N: Eh?
A: Oh, this! This!
A: I can use this! Yes!
A: There we go!
N: That’s what it looks like
N: Sphere has been revived, right?
A: Yes, she revived
A: Ahhh!
A: AH!
A: Aaah!
N: I feel like this is like a bad dream...
A: It’s true...
N: Man, I feel like I'm having a bad dream
A: It’s true, that's weird
N: Good...!
A: Yes!
N: Shall we begin?
A: Good! So let's begin!
A: Alright, let's go! Ah, everyone is so adorable!
N: Alright, let's go!
A: Yes!
N: By the way, it turns out that in the dream, I saw...
N: That Yaoyorozu was actually beaten...
A: Ahhh… then that's not good! Right?
N: That's not good...
N: If that happens, it's probably impossible to clear the quest...
A: I wish you said this before we started...
N: Well, you need to make sure Yaoyorozu doesn’t die...
A: But...
A: In the dream… I think there was a guy called NoriP-san…
N: Yes, yes
A: Who said things like: "You can still do it!", right?
N: *laughs*
N: I see, I wasn't aware of that...
A: Well, I was hoping you would say that earlier.. even though we are talking about a dream, right?
N: That means that the key is for Yaoyorozu to not take any damage...
N: That Arma can take the hits...
N: While reviving and then defeat the enemies...
A: Hmm, hm, hmm...
A: That means that if you don't prepare your attacks, it’d really hurt...
N: That’s right
A: If not, I can't move on!
N: Yes, a while ago in dream, I already thought that it was impossible...
N: Sphere...
A: My allies...
N: They have the ability to aggro the enemy, right?
A: Right, teacher! She does have it, but…
N: Yes, yes...
A: Arma-chan...
N: Yes, what is it?
A: Already has 0 HP, so then…
N: Yes, yes, yes...
A: So if I take successive attacks...
N: Yes
A: I might die...
N: I see, yes...
A: That means that...
A: Well...
A: I'd rather place a revive spell to revive my allies...
N: I see...
N: Oh? I can’t give a hint here
A: Argh!
A: What should I do?
A: Ah! Please wait!
A: In this case, the others might also be able to do it!
A: Ah, but... but… good, good...
N: Hmm...
A: This time, I still have a chance!
N: That looks good
A: That looks good, right?
Both: *laughs*
N: You're a bit, a bit in a dream, right?
A: It’s useless...
N: *laughs*
A: I’ll use Sphere-chan...
N: Calm down
A: I’ll use her skill...
A: Then!
N: What are you going to do now?
A: Right now, that... hmm... I'm already doing my best...
N: Yes
A: I want to aggro the attacks to Arma-chan, but...
N: Yes...
A: I still haven't used the skill for aggro...
N: I see
A: So, I’m in trouble...
N: But, you can still revive...
A: It’s true, but...
A: Other than that, other than that...
A: It would be like what happened awhile ago, like when it was in a dream...
N: Yes
A: If the attacks goes to Yaoyorozu and she dies...
A: It’d be the end...
N: I see...
A: I'm in trouble
A: Ah, ah, I survived
A: Then, I let her aggro them...
A: Good
N: Do you also have Cherio?
A: Cherio? I got it!
N: Well, Cherio can reduce skill cooldown, so then...
A: Ah, yes, yes!
N: How to reduce your cooldown is a key point too
A: Yes, that's true
N: So you have Yaoyorozu...
N: Who shouldn’t be taking any hits
A: Ooh...
N: What happened?
A: For now, I just need to... for the moment, well, yes...
A: Grab all the opportunities, right?
N: That's right
N: You need to use... your skill cooldown reduce on Sphere?
N: By aggroing Arma...
N: During his resurrection period where he can’t fight...
A: To cast that ability is a good idea don’t you think?
A: Oh... what?
A: Wasn't I putting a spell there?
N: No, I think you're already...
N: Defeated and took another hit?
A: You're lying!
A: Eh... to me, they didn't die...
N: About that... well, it's still fine, you can still do it
A: I'm sure I can
N: The one that just appeared is Kyle, right?
A: Yes, it’s Kyle...
A: I should give it to Kyle, give it the same role as Arma
N: That's right
A: Then, if I don't hurry to concentrate my attacks...
A: Yaoyorozu-chan is a bit lacking in HP...
A: Right now... ah, she died...
N: Look, Providence’s health has been reduced a lot
A: That's right! Looks good
A: But this... I should give it to Yaoyorozu, right?
A: Because her HP is already near 0, so...
N: Eh?
N: Yes, yes, yes
A: Like, when her allies are all incapacitated...
N: I see...
A: So she can revive then...
A: I’m going to cast the revival skill on her...
A: And then, Arma can now the hits...
N: Isn't it good?
A: Nice, nice, nice...
A: At least, for now, Yaoyorozu isn't going to die...
A: Ah, she revived, it's starting to look good
A: I'm so good
N: Just now... it’s having an effect on...
N: The revival is definitely working...
A: Good!
N: Hm, why?
A: AH!
A: Eh? I didn't let her concentrate there?
N: What... did that just happen?
A: Hmm... Sphere just died...
N: Damn, you're in trouble..
A: Eh... this, the skill's effect...
A: The buff's effect doesn't last forever? It stops at some point?
N: Ah, of course it doesn't...
N: So you should keep using the skill on him...
A: Please say this beforehand...
N: *laughs*
N: It’s basic Cryptract’s...
A: Even after all this hard work that I’ve been putting in
A: I wonder if I can even control myself this point...
N: *laughs*
N: Please keep going
A: That’s right, isn’t it?
A: Let’s try our best
A: AAAAAAGH!
A: *mumbles*
N: Right...
N: So...
N: This...
N: Is becoming a bad dream so...
A: AH!
N: We should wake up from this dream~
A: Right~
A: That was a long dream! That dream!
N: Nightmare...
A: That was long...
N: Last... last?
A: Last? Last?
N: Let’s go!
A: Right!
A: Ah, after all since you can really only challenge yourself once...
A: As expected, we can only do this once...
N: Right. Only once...
A: If I can’t do it, then it’s over
N: Yes
N: Um, about the dream...
N: We were in before
A: Yes
N: We did good
A: Ah, really? Hmm...
N: Using Yaoyorozu, an attack...
A: Mhm, hmmm...
N: Using Sphere, you can take Arma’s aggro, and then use Kyle, right?
N: By provoking Gouriki…
N: You’ll be able to start the Yaoyorozu
A: I see
N: Yes
N: Fight
A: I see... I can do that
A: In the dream, we did a good simulation, right?
A: In reality, it was precise...
N: Right
A: Let me do it!
Both: Three-Thousand Worlds!
(Ability name)
N: There’s a chance it might use the special attack...
N: Oh!
A: Oh!
A: Ou..
A: Then...
A: First, I'll paralyze this thing...
N: Yeah, yeah
N: Is this Cherio’s attack?
A: You're right, it's Cherio’s...
A: Yaoyorozu-chan, GO!
A: Good! No one’s dead yet
N: That's great, isn't it?
A: But my HP is still...
A: It's not bad
N: It's not bad at all
A: Then!
A: I’ll apply the aggro...
A: Yes! Right, it's to Arma
N: So this is to Arma...
A: Eh?
N: Oh, that's tough...
A: Well, they all died...
N: *laughs*
N: Oh well, that's unfortunate
A: Oh well, it happens!
N: If you take combos...
N: Well, even though you have the blessing...
N: But that's still too tough
A: Right… I know
N: But you still have Kyle!
A: Yes, I do!
A: I can still do this!
N: That's right
A: Wait, but doesn’t this SP hook seem… from before a little more...?
A: It's better than before in the dream!
N: Well, that was a dream, wasn’t it?
A: Let’s aggro
them right now
A: Yes
Cherio’s skill to reduce cooldown time...
A: Ah! I've already used it! Perfect...
A: Then! I’ll use the skill...
A: To revive myself...
A: Poi...
Both: And that unit cannot attack me next turn...
A: Then...
A: Again, we’ll use a skill to reduce our cooldowns...
A: And we'll use it on Sphere
N: (repeating what Ai-chan says)
A: Yes!
N: Oh?!
Both: That's great!
N: That didn't hit the other units
A: Yaaaay! That's right!
A: Then! Oh? Can we do this?
A: Can we kill that slime thing?
A: Maybe?
A: Yeeees! It’s going really well!
N: That's great! It’s going to be important from here on...
A: Indeed...
A: Up to now, it’s the same as before
A: Eh? I can't revive?
A: Shiiit...
A: When they swarm me… I feel itchy
A: Spell! In any case… you know? The attacks are coming in less and less
A: Good, good, good timing!
A: I want to...
A: Keep provoking it, but...
N: *laughs*
N: You just lost confidence, didn’t you?
A: As long as Yaoyorozu doesn’t die, it’s okay...
N: Yes
A: AHHHH! GOODBYE!
A: Um...
A: Uh...
N: We're watching a bad dream, aren't we?
A: That's right...
N: Well, you definitely had some luck…
A: Yes...
N: But it's getting somewhat hard...
A: So basically you’re saying I had no luck to begin with...
A: Last one, let's go!
N: Let's go!
N: We woke up from the dream...
A: Yes, we did, it's not a dream now...
N: Okay, let's go...
A: Okay
A: It's real now
A: Good
A: I've become really strong!
A: Three-Thousand Worlds!
A: Good!
N: Good!
N: That was some good damage there
A: Yes, it was
A: AH!
A: Ah….
A: Le… let...
A: I'm alive
A: I can do it.
N: Right here...
A: Let’s go!
A: First.. I’ll paralyze you, purple jelly!
A: Alright!
N: Whose turn is it?
A: It’s...
N: Yaoyorozu?
A: Yaoyorozu right?
N: Yes
A: I can use the electric attack
N: You can use the electric attack
A: HIYAAAA!
A: I can aggro this...
A: Ah, this...
N: Ah, this one is the death call
Both: AAAAAAH!
N: Ah, that really did it, didn’t it?
A: Ah, but... right...
N: But there’s still Kyle
N: Ah
A: First, here, for Yaoyorozu-chan...
N: Yes
A: Skill Cooldown...
A: Three turns...
A: I’ll apply it to her
A: I'll make it so I can use my skill
A: Good
A: How’s that!?
N: Good one
A: A perfect one… totally!
A: Earlier... yes, in a dream...
N: In a dream
A: Stop!
A: Stop...
A: Hitting me!
A: I’ll use this on Yaoyorozu-chan to revive her if she dies...
N: You’re taking aggro, right?
A: Ah, I can’t take aggro right now
A: Now, right after this ability
A: I will cast a resurrection
A: On my front line
A: Now… what do I do here?
A: Can I cast this on myself?
A: It says “Single Ally”, so..
N: Right now you can cast it you know… Sphere, right?
A: I can?
A: Not Sphere, I don’t mean Arma...
A: On Kyle... I can even cast it on myself
N: Oh, Kyle, yes...
A: Please don’t die...
A: And then!
A: Cooldown buff, for 3 turns...
A: I’ll use it on Sphere...
N: Yes
A: Then, I’d want to switch aggro
A: Oh
A: It's okay...
A: It's okay, it's okay...
A: I can still go...
A: OOOOOH! That's dangerous...
A: Gimme the aggro!
N: Yes...
A: Give the aggro to Kyle!
A: Kyle’s...
N: Eh?
A: Has lost consciousness…
N: *laughs*
A: I only have 3 characters left...
N: Oh!
A: Oh, but!
A: The way the HP is reduced...
A: I'm doing good right?
N: Well, you want to use Three-Thousand Worlds, smash it in, right?
A: Yes, that's right!
N: You’d want to do a two-turn attack...
A: That's what I'm going to do
A: Ahhh!
A: Ah, but...
A: I can still revive them!
A: Good
A: So…
A: There’s lots of water power
A: So...
A: And if I use that!
A: I'm in trouble!
A: Nice, she revived
N: Yes, yes
A: Then once more...
A: Which one should I be using this on, Yaoyorozu-chan, right?
N: A hard choice, isn’t it? Right
A: It should work, or I’ll be in trouble...
A: Then…
A: Another attack!
A: Stop it!
A: Just for a moment, please!
A: Here, let me electrocute you!
N: Go!
A: Go!
A: Go! Give it your best!
A: I wonder if… this attack works better?
A: Oh no!
A: This is really bad!
A: Only trouble is left!
A: Hmm!
A: Trouble here!
A: In trouble here!
A: Ahhhhhhh!
A: Though I did my best, this is weird!
N: *laughs*
N: Too bad!
A: I resent this!
A: See you next year!
N: Man, that was like an eternal dream!
A: Right?
N: That was a really long nightmare...
A: Really long, right?
N: However for the most part, you're good!
A: Am I?
N: Really good!
A: So I've gotten better and managed to show my cool side...
N: While using Yaoyorozu’s Three-Thousand World’s attack...
N: You were able to take Arma’s aggro, and defeat him!
A: The fight was good, I had no luck...
N: I know, right?
N: Your luuuuuck… was definitely plentiful, but this was…
A: Damn it!
A: Next time, I’ll show you me clearing the level...
N: Your confidence in that has me a bit worried...
A: Why?!
N: If we made that kind of thing and you didn’t...
A: No way!
N: If my bosses saw that, they’d be mad!
A: They’ll get mad..?
N: So please… next time, beat the boss
A: I’ll beat it for sure! Piece of cake!
N: In this virtual world, Ai-chan should be able to beat it
A: I'll do it!
N: I see it you know, your skills at this...
A: Don’t worry, you know, I’ll time leap and...
A: No matter how many times it takes
A: I will save those girls!
N: Alright, let’s beat that thing together
A: Well since I was a cool person today, will I receive a reward today, by any chance?
N: Right, no, well…
N: By the way, you’re doing Union as well, how is that?
N: I kind of want to know how’s it going..
A: Yes! I’m doing it right now
A: Everybody’s been trying so hard, so much more than me!
N: Right
A: Everybody at Union, right?
A: Everyone is trying really hard!
N: Right
A: Is really active, you know?
N: Active, you say?
A: Logging in every single day!
N: Wow, that’s amazing! You must be happy
N: That’s… something you can talk about, right?
A: I can, right?
N: Because of Ai-chan, everyone is logging in...
N: Having lots of fun in the game
A: That’s exactly right
A: Just by being there...
A: There’s a HUGE impact!
A: It sure is hard being popular!
A: Eh? Hello?
N: Alrighty then! So let’s wrap things up
N: *laughs*
A: Okay!
N: Let’s wrap things up, shall we? So, the next time I...
N: You welcome me here, it’ll be to do a support song
A: Yes
A: Of course! It’d be a pleasure! I really look forward to that
N: Is that okay?
A: Of course!
A: I can even do a BEB
N: Alright, so let’s look forward to that
A: Yes!
N: And let’s stop with...
N: The bad dreams too, okay?
A: That was a pretty close call, eh?
A: Don’t worry, I’ve already awoken from the dream...
A: Having said that...
A: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai and...
N: NoriP here!
Both: Bye bye!
Translated by Inori, 963852, Vortex, Sp3000, M1Ck, Sirrequiem, AngryBunny, and Mitsukitten